SRVCLI-259: Add docs on using offline services with the kn CLI (#32671)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kn-service-offline-about.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// serverless/cli_reference/kn-offline-services.adoc

[id="kn-service-offline-about_{context}"]
= About offline services

> The `kn` CLI enables you to work with services in the offline mode, also called the gitops mode. In this mode, no operations with Knative services happen on the cluster. Instead, descriptor files of the respective services are locally created or modified. These resource files can then be used with commands such as `kn service create -f` and `kn service apply -f` to work with the actual services on the cluster.

Reviewer: In addition to `kn` commands, it can be also used with plain `oc apply -f`. I'd mention it as an viable alternative, e.g. for CI pipelines that might not have `kn` installed etc. 
The use case is: 
1. generate with `kn`
2. store in SVC
3. `oc apply -f` when needed.

The offline mode has several uses:

* Locally tracking the descriptor of a service in a version control system. This allows re-using the descriptor in places other than the target cluster, for example in Continuous Integration (CI) pipelines, development environments, or demos.
* Manually modifying the descriptor before using it on the cluster.

> * Examining the created YAML files to learn about Knative services. In particular, you can see how the resulting service is influenced by the different arguments passed to the `kn` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Examining the created descriptor files to learn about Knative services. In particular, you can see how the resulting service is influenced by the different arguments passed to the `kn` command.
```

Reviewer 2: +1

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// serverless/cli_reference/kn-offline-services.adoc

[id="kn-service-offline-about_{context}"]
= About offline mode

Normally, when you execute `kn service` commands, the changes immediately propagate to the cluster. However, as an alternative, you can execute `kn service` commands in offline mode:

. When you create a service in offline mode, no changes happen on the cluster. Instead, the only thing that happens is the creation of the service descriptor file on your local machine.
. After the descriptor file is created, you can manually modify it and track it in a version control system.

> // Once `update` works, add it here and make it into a list

Reviewer 3: does this comment need to be resolved now or is it a TODO for later?

Author: It's a TODO for a future release where the `update` command works.

> . Finally, you can propagate changes to the cluster. For that, you use commands such as `kn service create -f`, `kn service apply -f`, or `oc apply -f` on the descriptor files.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. You can propagate changes to the cluster by using the `kn service create -f`, `kn service apply -f`, or `oc apply -f` commands on the descriptor files.
```

Reviewer 3: Suggestion for readability

Author: Used the suggestion, but kept "Finally, " - it helps draw the line between the previous steps (which were offline mode) and this final step which is not offline mode anymore.

The offline mode has several uses:

* You can manually modify the descriptor file before using it to make changes on the cluster.

> * You can locally track the descriptor file of a service in a version control system. This enables you to reuse the descriptor file in places other than the target cluster, for example in Continuous Integration (CI) pipelines, development environments, or demos.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* You can locally track the descriptor file of a service in a version control system. This enables you to reuse the descriptor file in places other than the target cluster, for example in continuous integration (CI) pipelines, development environments, or demos.
```

Not sure if this is the proper name of something, otherwise I think it should be lowercase?

> * You can locally track the descriptor file of a service in a version control system. This allows re-using the descriptor file in places other than the target cluster, for example in Continuous Integration (CI) pipelines, development environments, or demos.

Author: Changed to "version control system" in both places, removed the abbreviation (unnecessary with only two occurences).
